real superpowers number one young Titus
most people wouldn't consider never
missing a basket while playing
basketball to be a superpower players in
the NBA do this on a nightly basis this
does however become a superpower when
the person who is never missing a basket
is only 18 months old not years months
this little boy uses a plastic
basketball hoop like most kids his age
and he doesn't use an earth ball he uses
a regulation ball at regulation height
and he never misses a shot number 2
Elizabeth Barrett Elizabeth Barrett can
read just about any book that you put in
front of her if she were ten years old
this would be impressive but nothing
major
what makes Elizabeth so amazing is that
she is only 17 months old both her
parents are speech pathologists and her
mother believes that the fact that she
used sign language to speak to her
daughter since birth is the reason that
she can read better than many adults
she's not just memorizing the words of
the books either she's actually learning
them compare that to the atrocious
grammar and spelling you'll see in the
comments of this video and you'll see it
is a superpower number three Brock brown
Brock brown is a very tall teenager when
he was just five years old he was 5 feet
2 inches tall when his parents took him
to see a doctor they diagnosed him with
cerebral gigantism the condition is very
rare and kids with this condition often
don't typically live longer than 10
years old so far Brock has defied the
odds he's 19 years old he currently is
not the tallest man in the world however
considering that he has been growing 6
inches per year that will probably
happen soon he's so big that traditional
furniture is too small for him and his
parents have to order his furniture
special number for Andrew Shapiro Andrew
Shapiro is still in high school yet he
may be one of the strongest people in
the world pull-ups can be very difficult
for most people even avid weight lifters
can
tire out quickly andrew is a different
story he's broken plenty of world
records for his amazing strength and his
insane ability to do pull-ups in a span
of 18 hours he was able to do 7306
pull-ups during a span of six hours he
was able to do over 3500 pull-ups his
most recent record was broken when he
did over 5700 pull-ups in just over 12
hours for most people breaking any of
those records would be absolutely
impossible my arms are aching just
thinking about this number five Trayvon
Bromell Trayvon is one of the fastest
people in the world he's only 19 years
old and currently he's considered to be
the fourth fastest man in America and
the 10th fastest man of all time when he
ran at the US track and field Outdoor
Championships he ran the 100-meter dash
in just nine point eight four seconds he
has a huge future and running and it's
only a matter of time before he wins a
gold medal at the Olympics be watching
for his name in the years to come number
six ELISA Kramer ELISA Kramer is a
typical 14 year old she loves to spend
time with her friends spend time with
her family when it comes to her brain
however ELISA stands out above the rest
ELISA is able to read words backward
just as easily she can read them forward
she can even rearrange words in her head
so quickly that you would think it is
the simplest task in the world well it
is for ELISA ELISA can do this because
she has a photographic memory
it wasn't until a video of ELISA went
viral back in 2012 that the world got to
see her superpower number seven emma
tablet of the 15 children with real
superpowers emma is probably the most
unbelievable she lives in the province
of Western Visayas in the Philippines
and she is scared just about everyone in
town with her unique ability called
pyrokinesis that's the ability to start
a fire with your mind people began
getting scared when fires were breaking
out wherever Emma went
people believed that she was starting
the fires with matches
however stories were spreading to Emma
was starting to fire with her mind to
protect the town the police and San Jose
cordoned off her home and made her stay
there well not long after the mayor of
the town visited the home to see if the
stories about Emma were true Emma told
him that something in the home would
catch on fire and immediately after she
made the statement a shirt in the house
caught fire it wasn't long after that
the news about Emma got out not only can
she predict where the fire is going to
happen she can also cause an object to
burst into flames by saying soon AAG
which is the Filipino word for fire
according to her family and friends
they're not afraid of her they know that
she would never try to hurt them really
how do you people not seen fire starter
or carry number eight nan Tana
unnikrishnan nan Donna is an autistic
girl with an amazing power she is
actually able to read her mother's mind
she's able to respond to her mother's
thoughts before her mother speaks them
out loud her parents say that when they
were planning a family outing that nan
Donna knows about it before they even
tell her when news of her ability got
out a group of researchers and
journalists visited her home to see if
the stories were true one of the
journalists involved gave her mother a
nine digit number to read in her mind
when they asked nan Donna to repeat the
numbers she got everyone correct later
they said her mother into another room
and instructed her to think of an object
and write it down
her mother wrote the word biscuits nan
Donna knew the object that her mother
was thinking of and answered the
researchers correctly there are not too
many people in the world with this
amazing power she's the only girl her
age who is known to have this power
number 9 Liam hexed rrah liam is much
different than the other boys in
Roosevelt Park due to his incredible
strength
he suffers from muscle hypertrophy which
is a rare genetic condition it causes
him to build muscle at a very fast rate
the most children who are 3 years old
are chubby they have some
Liam's body was made up to 40% muscle he
had very little body fat
not only does his condition make him
look muscular he's also extremely strong
fast and agile when he was a toddler he
could lift weights and do more push-ups
and setups than most grown men his
amazing skills got out and he became
famous in the scientific world and in
the media there aren't too many kids
with this amazing ability number 10 yang
Jinlong yang is a seven year old from
the NY Province of China he's a typical
boy except for the fact that he has
superhuman strength when he was just
seven years old he was able to carry his
200-pound father on his back when he
played tug-of-war with his dad and
family friends he could beat all of them
on his own to show the world it's
amazing strength his father posted a
video online of yang pulling a car full
of people when a video of yang pulling a
1.85 ton van with a rope went viral
he became an internet sensation
according to his parents yang started
showing off his unbelievable strength
when he was only nine months old they
had 5 pound oil drums on the floor of
the garage and yang lifted them and
moved them without breaking a sweat
number 11 Aelita Andrey Aleta is a 10
year old girl with an amazing artistic
ability while most kids her age are
working on finger paints trying to color
inside the lines
Aelita was working on her second show at
the new york's Agora gallery she had her
first solo exhibit in June of 2011 when
she was only 4 years old according to
her parents she started painting when
she was just nine months old when she
was two years old her parents put her
work into a group exhibition she is
known as the youngest professional
painter in the world I lead his artistic
skills surpassed many people twice her
age
number 12 song sung sung is a 5 year old
boy from China who has amazing abilities
when it comes to music he was just 5
years old when he mastered the piano
when his parents posted a video of him
playing the piano online he was so good
that people thought the video
was a fake when he appeared on The Ellen
DeGeneres Show he proved all the
naysayers wrong when he performed flight
of the bumblebee without a single
mistake number 13 Riley this little girl
loves to lip-sync a video of her
lip-synching the song this girl is on
fire went viral and people were amazed
that a little girl this young was able
to do this well number 14 Alma Deutscher
OMA is a musical prodigy she's extremely
skilled at playing the piano the violin
and she's a very skilled composer when
she was just six years old she composed
her first piano sonata when she was
seven years old she wrote an opera
called the sweeper of dreams when she
was nine years old she wrote a concerto
for violin and orchestra and she
premiered it in 2015
finally at the age of ten she completed
a full-length opera called
Cinderella it premiered in Vienna in
most adults never achieve this much
musically and this little girl has done
it all before she was 12 years old
that's Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart territory
number 15
tor park tor park is unbelievable when
it comes to chess he was just four years
old when he first started playing his
father taught him how to play the game
and he gave him an old wooden set it
wasn't long before he was beating his
father his father took him to meet a
chess coach who was skeptical about the
little boy's skills but when the coach
saw that he was beating people three
times his age he realized that his skill
and talent was legit subscribe for more
[Music]
you